first pass at adding more info to launch sweeps (#247)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/launch/sweeps-on-launch.md

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> # Sweeps on Launch

Reviewer: @gtarpenning Can you do me a solid and make sure this is technically accurate?

Reproduce [runs](../runs/intro.md) or [sweeps](../sweeps/intro.md) directly with W&B Launch.  After you create a queue, W&B Launch creates a sweep schedule job and executes it in the specified environment. When the sweep schedular starts, it uses the hyperparameter configuration you provide and creates multiple sweep runs. You can use the default W&B Sweep scheduling engine or implement your own custom schedular:

> 1. Standard sweep schedular: Use the default W&B Sweep scheduling engine that controls [W&B Sweeps](../sweeps/intro.md). The familiar `bayes`, `grid`, and `random` methods are available.

Reviewer: Totally happy to change the naming of these two main options...This is just   a suggestion.

2. Custom sweep schedular: Configure the sweep scheduler to run as a job. This option enables full customization. 

By default, the W&B sweep scheduling engine executes runs in a sub-process. The sub-process is responsible for using the optimization algorithm and it determines which combinations of hyperparameters to use.

If you create a custom sweep schedular, however, the schedular you create will instead package the runs and put them on a single launch queue. The custom schedular then polls the runs on the queue and passes that information into its optimization algorithm. The sweep schedular then determines which combinations of hyperparameters to use next.

:::tip
We recommend you create a sweep on launch using the 'basic' method if you are a first time users of sweeps on launch. Use a custom sweeps on launch when the standard W&B scheduling engine does not meet your needs.
:::

> ## Create a sweep with a W&B standard schedular

Reviewer: Thinking behind this section and the next: show how to do the out of the box way here. Then below, show the custom route.

Launch jobs directly from within W&B locally on your machine or to the compute provider of your choice. Reproduce runs or sweeps directly from the W&B User Interface to launch new experiments and compare results.

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a quick blurb that describes/distinguishes between the two methods of creating sweeps; 'standard/basic'  vs 'advanced' sweep.

Steps 1 and 3 are the same steps you normally take when you create a W&B Sweep. With the exception that you need to specify the name of the job within your sweep YAML configuration file. 
:::

> For example, in the following code snippet, we specify `'wandb/jobs/Hello World 2:latest'` for the job value:

Reviewer 2: Doesn't really have to do with this PR but I:
1. Want spaces in the display name
2. Don't want spaces in any identifiers
I feel like we should have a display name that doesn't change the artifact name.

Author: I think spaces in the name is how @andrewtruong like it.... I'm just using his jobs.

Reviewer 2: No I know, it's not really feedback for your PR just felt compelled to document this feeling

    max: 20
    min: 0
    distribution: int_uniform

> # Optional/Advanced Scheduler Params:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Optional/advanced scheduler params:
```

scheduler:
   num_workers: 1  # concurrent sweep runs
   docker_image: <base image for the scheduler>
   resource: <ie. kubernetes, local-container...>
   resource_args:  # resource arguments passed to runs
      env: 
         - WANDB_API_KEY

# Optional Launch Params
launch: 
   registry: <registry for image pulling>
```

For information on how to create a sweep configuration, see the [Define sweep configuration](../sweeps/define-sweep-configuration.md) page.

4. Next, initialize a sweep. Provide the path to your config file, the name of your job queue, your W&B entity, and the name of the project for the queue, entity, and project flags, respectively.

```bash
wandb launch-sweep <path/to/yaml/file> --queue <queue_name> --entity <your_entity>  --project <project_name>
```

For more information on W&B Sweeps, see the [Tune Hyperparameters](../sweeps/intro.md) chapter.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="existing">

>   It is also possible to resume a launch-sweep from a previously launched sweep. Although hyperparameters and the training job cannot be changed, scheduler-specific parameters (like `num_workers`) can be, as well as the queue it is pushed to.

Reviewer: Let's move 'how to resume a sweep to a different section on this page? The tabs here are meant to show the different ways to create a sweep CLI vs App.

At this point in the doc we don't mention schedule-specific parameters....should we link to that section below...

Author: It's sort of another way of creating one, but whatever you think is best!

:::info
If the initial sweep used a training job with an alias like 'latest', resuming can lead to different results if the latest job version has been changed since the last run.
:::

  1. Identify the sweep name/id for a previously run launch-sweep (ex. `hhd16935`)
  2. If changing scheduler parameters, construct an updated config.
  3. Run: 

```bash
wandb launch-sweep <optional config.yaml> --resume_id <sweep id> --queue <queue_name>
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Create an advanced sweep

> Using sweeps with launch enables superior customizability. The sweep scheduling mechanism can be entirely replaced with a job! To do so, create a sweep scheduler job, or point to a public wandb scheduler job. Examples of what is possible with custom sweep scheduler jobs are available in the [wandb/launch-jobs](https://github.com/wandb/launch-jobs) repo under `jobs/sweep_schedulers`. This guide shows how to use the publicly available Wandb Scheduler Job, as well demonstrates a process for creating custom sweep scheduler jobs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sweeps on Launch are far more customizable than standard sweeps. The sweep scheduling mechanism can be entirely replaced with a job! You can use premade schedulers or implement your own custom scheduler job. Examples of what is possible with custom sweep scheduler jobs are available in the [wandb/launch-jobs](https://github.com/wandb/launch-jobs) repo under `jobs/sweep_schedulers`. This guide shows how to use the publicly available **Wandb Scheduler Job**, as well demonstrates a process for creating custom sweep scheduler jobs. 
```

Reviewer: Either in the intro blurb at the top, let's define sweep scheduling mechanism.  for first time readers, it's unclear what it is.

    max: 20
    min: 0
    distribution: int_uniform

> 

Reviewer: Per comment above, should this chunk of code go to the other section? (Custom)
